offline license utilization reporting (#25844)
hashicorp/nomad: website/content/docs/configuration/reporting.mdx

- `license` <code>([license](#license-block): default)</code> - Configures
  automated license utilization reporting.

- `snapshot_retention_time` `(string: "9600h")` - Configures the maximum amount

>   of time that a utilization reporting snapshot will be retained in the Nomad

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  of time that Nomad retains a utilization reporting snapshot in the Nomad
```

present tense
